---
layout: post
title:  "Meetup Sat. September 13, 2025 @ 12:00 PM"
date:   2025-09-01 00:21:21 -0500
categories: meetups
excerpt: "Join Hampton Roads Bitcoiners at Mile Zero Marine in Portsmouth at 12:00 PM for a back-to-basics meetup focused on the fundamental properties that make Bitcoin the hardest asset in existence. We'll discuss freedom of speech, cryptography, and what is money, exploring how each is proven through time and how Bitcoin utilizes them to create a self-sovereign, freedom-oriented, secure monetary system. Bring your curious friends and family for hands-on activities."
---

**Meetup September 13th 2025 - 12:00 PM at Mile Zero Marine, 115 High Street Portsmouth, VA 23704**

---
Join the Hampton Roads Bitcoiners in Portsmouth for great conversation and fellowship. The 757btc crew has listened to many locals and people online with respect to some of the concerns of Bitcoins security and viability. To many Bitcoin enthusiasts, a lot of these concerns aren't a concern because of fundamental properties related to cryptography and freedom of speech.

This has pointed out a pressing topic, one that brings us back to basics and focuses on the fundamentals of Bitcoin that make it the strong and hardest asset we believe to ever exist. Join us as we hone in on the fundamental properties of
 - Freedom of speech
 - Cryptography
 - and What is money

We will discuss how each of these properties are proven through time, how Bitcoin utilizes them, how it will secure the Bitcoin asset and network through time. We as a community need to make sure we are all on the same page and understand how these core concepts build the foundation Bitcoin utilizes so that we understand why it is truly a self sovereign, freedom oriented, secure monetary system and how it will change the world.

The meetup will have plenty of hands on activities for everyone to try. Bring your curious friends and family members and lets build the Bitcoin community. Hope to see you all there!

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d596.1170077708135!2d-76.29721364168317!3d36.83513346377685!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89baa320f4ea4287%3A0x60b66698efea7ac0!2sMile%20Zero%20Marine!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1711046558382!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>



